Updated NixOS setup notes. (#680)
qgis/QGIS-Website: content/resources/installation-guide/index.md

## NixOS

> Latest stable and LTR packages are [available in nixpkgs](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=24.05&show=qgis&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=qgis). You can also run bleeding edge developer versions with a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latest stable and LTR packages are [available in nixpkgs](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=qgis). You can also run bleeding edge developer versions with a single command.
```

  ];
```

### Running developer snapshots - Remote

You can run in-development versions of QGIS with a single command. you can launch QGIS directly 
from GitHub for any git revision (subsequent to 9 July 2025) from a branch or PR. NixOS 

> will do a build from source for the version you reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run in-development versions of QGIS with a single command directly 
from GitHub for any git revision (subsequent to 9 July 2025) from a branch or PR. Nix 
will automatically build and run the version you reference.
```

To run QGIS from the current commit of the master branch:

```
nix run github:qgis/QGIS#qgis
```

To run a specific revision:

```
nix run github:qgis/QGIS/<git revision>#qgis
```

To run a Pull Request or branch:

```
nix run github:qgis/QGIS/<git branch>#qgis
```

### Running developer snapshots - Local

If you have a local git checkout of QGIS, you can run your local source code tree:

```
nix run .#qgis
```

You can also create a developer environment by running the following command in the
root of your QGIS git checkout directory:

```
nix develop
```

After running this command, you will see additional instructions for building displayed 
in the terminal.

### Running with extra python packages:

Because of the atomic nature of NixOS packages, you need to override the package 
if you want extra python packages to be available to QGIS. For example to run QGIS 

> with numpy, geopandas and rasterio python libraries you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to isolation of Nix packages, you need to override the package 
if you want extra python packages to be available to QGIS. For example to run QGIS 
with numpy, geopandas and rasterio Python libraries you can do:
```

```

> ### Running older versions

Reviewer: I am sorry, but I wouldn't include this information. It requires advanced experience with Nix.
